---
layout: page
permalink: /research/
title: Research
# description: publications by categories in reversed chronological order. generated by jekyll-scholar.
nav: true
nav_order: 3
---

<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=EB+Garamond&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
<style>
    body {
        font-family: 'Palatino', 'Palatino Linotype', 'Palatino LT STD', 'Book Antiqua', 'Georgia', serif;
    }
    ol.custom-list {
    list-style: decimal;
    padding-left: 30px;
    }
    ol.custom-list li {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    }
    .popup {
        display: none;
        position: fixed;
        left: 50%;
        top: 50%;
        transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
        border: 2px outset #333;
        padding: 20px;
        background-color: var(--global-bg-color);
        z-index: 1000;
        box-shadow: 0 0 10px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
        max-width: 90%;
        overflow-y: auto;
    }
    .overlay {
        display: none;
        position: fixed;
        left: 0;
        top: 0;
        width: 100%;
        height: 100%;
        background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);
        z-index: 999;
    }
    .popup-header {
        text-align: right; /* Aligns the close button to the right */
        margin-top: -15px;
    }
    .close-button {
        display: inline-block;
        cursor: pointer;
        font-size: 30px;
        color: #555;
    }
    pre {
        white-space: pre-wrap; /* Ensures the text wraps inside the popup */
        word-wrap: break-word; /* Breaks long words to wrap */
        color: var(--global-text-color); /* Background color of the text inside the popup */
        text-align: left;
        }
</style>

#### Preprints and Publications
-- Authors are listed in alphabetical order, unless specified otherwise.

<ol class="custom-list" style="text-align: justify;">
    <li>Gábor Ivanyos, Euan Mendoza, Youming Qiao, Xiaorui Sun, and Chuanqi Zhang. Faster isomorphism testing of \(p\)-groups of frattini class-\(2\). To appear in 65th IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS 2024). <a href="#" class="bibTeXLink" data-content-id="content4">[BibTeX]</a></li>
    <li>Zhili Chen, Joshua A Grochow, Youming Qiao, Gang Tang, and Chuanqi Zhang. On the complexity of isomorphism problems for tensors, groups, and polynomials III: Actions by classical groups. In <em>15th Innovations in Theoretical Computer Science Conference (ITCS 2024)</em>. Schloss-Dagstuhl-Leibniz Zentrum für Informatik, 2024. <a href="#" class="bibTeXLink" data-content-id="content3">[BibTeX]</a></li>
    <li>Yinan Li, Youming Qiao, Avi Wigderson, Yuval Wigderson, and Chuanqi Zhang. On linear-algebraic notions of expansion. <em>arXiv preprint arXiv:2212.13154</em>, 2022. To appear in Theory of Computing. <a href="#" class="bibTeXLink" data-content-id="content2">[BibTeX]</a></li>
    <li>Yinan Li, Youming Qiao, Avi Wigderson, Yuval Wigderson, and Chuanqi Zhang. Connections between graphs and matrix spaces. <em>Israel Journal of Mathematics</em>, 256(2):513–580, 2023. <a href="#" class="bibTeXLink" data-content-id="content1">[BibTeX]</a></li>
</ol>

<div id="overlay" class="overlay"></div>

<div id="popup" class="popup">
    <div class="popup-header">
        <span class="close-button" id="closeButton">&times;</span>
    </div>
    <pre id="popupContent">&nbsp;</pre>
</div>

<script>
document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {

     const contents = {

        content4: 
`@inproceedings{ivanyos2024faster,
  title={Faster isomorphism testing of $p$-groups of Frattini class-$2$},
  author={Ivanyos, G{\'a}bor and Mendoza, Euan and Qiao, Youming and Sun, Xiaorui and Zhang, Chuanqi},
  note={To appear in the 65th IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS 2024).}
}`,
        content3: 
`@inproceedings{chen2023complexity,
  title={On the Complexity of Isomorphism Problems for Tensors, Groups, and Polynomials III: Actions by Classical Groups},
  author={Chen, Zhili and Grochow, Joshua A and Qiao, Youming and Tang, Gang and Zhang, Chuanqi},
  booktitle={15th Innovations in Theoretical Computer Science Conference (ITCS 2024)},
  year={2024},
  organization={Schloss-Dagstuhl-Leibniz Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}
}`,
        content2: 
`@article{li2022linear,
  title={On linear-algebraic notions of expansion},
  author={Li, Yinan and Qiao, Youming and Wigderson, Avi and Wigderson, Yuval and Zhang, Chuanqi},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2212.13154},
  note={To appear in Theory of Computing.},
  year={2022}
}`,
        content1: 
`@article{li2023connections,
  title={Connections between graphs and matrix spaces},
  author={Li, Yinan and Qiao, Youming and Wigderson, Avi and Wigderson, Yuval and Zhang, Chuanqi},
  journal={Israel Journal of Mathematics},
  volume={256},
  number={2},
  pages={513--580},
  year={2023},
  publisher={Springer}
}`
    };

    document.querySelectorAll('.bibTeXLink').forEach(function(link) {
        link.addEventListener('click', function(event) {
            event.preventDefault();
            const contentId = link.getAttribute('data-content-id');
            const content = contents[contentId];
            document.getElementById('popupContent').textContent = content;
            document.getElementById('popup').style.display = 'block';
            document.getElementById('overlay').style.display = 'block';
        });
    });

    document.getElementById('closeButton').addEventListener('click', function() {
        document.getElementById('popup').style.display = 'none';
        document.getElementById('overlay').style.display = 'none';
    });

    document.getElementById('overlay').addEventListener('click', function() {
        document.getElementById('popup').style.display = 'none';
        document.getElementById('overlay').style.display = 'none';
    });
});
</script>

<hr style="width: 100%; margin-top: 30px; margin-bottom: 30px;"/>

#### Academic Visits
<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;"></p>
<ol class="custom-list">
    <li>School of Mathematics and Statistics, Wuhan University, hosted by <a href="https://www.yinanli.com/">Dr Yinan Li</a>, January 2024. </li>
    <li>QuSoft, Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, hosted by <a href="https://homepages.cwi.nl/~jop/">Dr Jop Briët</a>, January 2023. </li>
</ol>

<hr style="width: 100%; margin-top: 30px; margin-bottom: 30px;"/>

#### Presentations 
-- Some of the conference talks were delivered by co-authors.

<ol class="custom-list">
    <li>Contributed talk at the 65th IEEE Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS), Chicago, October 2024.</li>
    <li>Contributed talk at the 19th Theory of Quantum Computation, Communication and Cryptography (TQC), Okinawa, September 2024.</li>
    <li>Seminar talk at UTS Groups Analysis Geometry Seminar, Sydney, April 2024.</li>
    <li>Contributed talk at the 45th Australasian Combinatorics Conference, Perth, December 2023.</li>
    <li>Contributed talk at the 67th Annual Meeting of the Australian Mathematical Society, Brisbane, December 2023.</li>
    <li>Poster presentation at the 18th Theory of Quantum Computation, Communication and Cryptography (TQC), online, July 2023.</li>
    <li>Poster presentation at the 1st Quantum Australia Conference, Sydney, February 2023.</li>
    <li>Seminar talk at QuSoft, Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, Amsterdam, January 2023.</li>
    <li>Contributed talk at the 34th ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA), Florence, January 2023.</li>
    <li>Contributed talk at the 44th Australasian Combinatorics Conference, online, December 2022.</li>
</ol>
